README.md, before:

# qwerty-3-cipher

The QWERTY-3 Cipher is a simple encryption algorithm that uses the layout of the QWERTY keyboard to encode messages. Each letter of the plaintext message is replaced with a pair of digits in the format of "number-number" representing its position on the keyboard.

The first digit can be any number from 1 to 0 and the second digit can only be 1 to 3.

For example, the letter "q" would be encoded as "1-1", "a" as "1-2" and "z" as "1-3".

This type of encryption is relatively simple and easy to use, but it is not considered to be very secure, as the layout of the keyboard is well known and can be easily determined by frequency analysis.

To decrypt a message encrypted with the QWERTY-3 Cipher, the recipient would need to know the algorithm and the exact correspondence between letters and coordinates.

Please note that this is just a fictional cipher example, and it is not considered to be a secure encryption method in practice.

This project was created with the aid of an AI language model, [ChatGPT by OpenAI](https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt/).

Commit message:

feat: fix cipher logic, add test code for encrypt and decrypt, and add spacebar exception

README.md, after:

# qwerty-3-cipher

The QWERTY-3 Cipher is a simple encryption algorithm that uses the layout of the QWERTY keyboard to encode messages. Each letter of the plaintext message is replaced with a pair of digits in the format of "number-number" representing its position on the keyboard.

The first digit can be any number from 1 to 0 and the second digit can only be 1 to 3.

For example, the letter "q" would be encoded as "1-1", "a" as "1-2" and "z" as "1-3".

To represent the spacebar in the ciphertext, we use the string "\_\_".

This type of encryption is relatively simple and easy to use, but it is not considered to be very secure, as the layout of the keyboard is well known and can be easily determined by frequency analysis.

To decrypt a message encrypted with the QWERTY-3 Cipher, the recipient would need to know the algorithm and the exact correspondence between letters and coordinates.

Please note that this is just a fictional cipher example, and it is not considered to be a secure encryption method in practice.

This project was created with the aid of an AI language model, [ChatGPT by OpenAI](https://openai.com/blog/chatgpt/).
